Okay, I have one more thing
that I wanna show you here.
So I want you to be able to click
on one of these images, and
have it update the hero image.
So I wanna add some interactivity to this.
So we're gonna make a function
here to handleIndexClick.
And we're gonna make this a function now I
could just make this a function where I do
this, but the problem is and this is the
weirdness that comes with class components
is what this is, is important so
if I do this handle index click and
I say whenever someone
clicks on one of these.
So unclick.
This dot handle index click.
So, we're gonna do a bad
accessibility thing right now and
it's, I'm sorry, so
we're gonna say eslint-disable.
Actually, we're gonna do it this way.
Just Disable that totally, okay.
So, I have this handle index click, and
if I do, just, console dot log,
this What do you think this is?
A trick question by the way,
I think it's window.
Let me check, cancel.
So click undefined, so I was wrong.
See?
I want it to be the component right?
bunch of ways to handle this, easiest one
is make this an arrow function like that.
Now, if I go back and
do it again it's the carousel.
Why does that work well whenever you do
an arrow function it doesn't create new
scope, when you invoke an arrow function
doesn't create new scope versus when
you have a normal function whenever you
invoke it it creates a new function a new
scope at the point of invocation, So
because this function is invoked,
as an avant listener is
invoked with no context.
Whereas this will capture the scope
of wherever it was written.
So in this case,
it captures it at caresole.
That make sense?
Kind of it's JavaScript weirdness
to really under to let you know.
Okay, so
now that we have the correct scope,
we're gonna say this, and
then we want this to take
in the event as well or
es I've been calling it,
this does set state Okay and
we want active to be
event dot target dot data
set dot index Okay that's
an event we want e rather.
II Okay, and then I don't think
we gave this an index yet.
Yeah, we did.
So under the un click here
give this data dash index
equals index, which comes from here.
Okay.
Still, there's still a problem with this,
but
let's talk about what's happening here.
So, I click on this, this is gonna call
this function, which is gonna take in this
event, which and then we're gonna call
this dot set state, which is basically,
you provided an object, and it's going
to do an object merge, basically like
an object at a sign, of your current
state, with whatever you have here.
So, if I had a second thing here,
which is let's just say,
name Luna or something like that.
If I do this, it's only going to overwrite
active it's going to leave whatever else
is there alone right just like object
assign does k and then it's going to set
that the active to be whatever the E dot
target which will be this image, right?
data set, which refers to all
data dash things on an object.
That's a dumb method Index.
What type is index?
A string because everything that comes out
of the dumb is the string all the time.
Despite the fact that we give it a number
here, doesn't matter, it comes back out of
the dumb as a string because everything
that's in the dumb is the string.
So this is called a unary plus
which just takes a string and
turns it into a number to
prove my point if I do
plus five If I get
the number of five back,
that's what it's doing.
It coerces a string to a number.
There's other ways to do it.
I just think this is elegant.
So I do it that way.
So now active is a number.
It's important because we use it here
as a number, so it must be a number.
So now I think If I click on these,
It'll change pictures.
So I don't know, what do you think?
Do you like this class component or
do you like functions?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> There's things like about both.
And if if you feel a little conflicted
about it, I feel like I've done my job.
Now, if you want to get way back there
was a thing called react create class.
That was a very nice API.
Because all the stuff that you have to
do to like bind this to be the right
thing, react.
Duck Creek class used to do that for you.
And they got rid of it.
I'm sad about it.
They got rid of it because
they wanted to lean into this.
Es six classes had just come out.
They wanted to lean into
the features of JavaScript.
So like, well,
let's conform to the language.
Very reasonable thing for them to say.
This was just really nice.
That's all.
Okay.
I'm just gonna say it again,
you cannot use hooks here.
So I cannot say const,
like use query could not be used here.
Use breed lists could not be used here.
Class components can't
have any of those things.
You have to do things like higher
order components and things like that,
we might get into a tiny bit of that.
But let's say okay, let's say we wanted to
use use breed list for some reason here.
The way that you would do that don't
I'm just showing an example so
don't don't have to copy this.
You would say function CarouselParent,
and let's say it took in an animal,
you would say, okay, const [breedlist]
= useBreedlist Animal, right?
And then you would just
feed that into carousel.
So you would return carousel
with a breed list.
Equals breed list.
So basically what the way you handle
that if you need to use a hook with
a class component is you make a tiny,
top level parent component and
then here I would export carousel parent.
Right?.What is this?
This is just a tiny, tiny little
component that then takes something and
passes it down to the child.
[INAUDIBLE] Right, does that make sense?
If you looking as like that's dump,
kinda dump, yeah,
that's really is but
this is how you do it.
Does that make sense?
okay.
So, for example actually
we might end up doing this,
i don't remember if we end up doing it,
But
if you wanted to use like react router,
I think now only ships hooks, right?
So if you wanna use a hook in
a class component from React router,
you must do it this way.
Last questions.
Yeah.
So this, class component.
For the purpose of this course, was just
to get us familiar with that concept.
>> Yes, this absolute can be
written as a function component.
>> Would you suggest so
>> makes no difference.
In this particular case,
everything we've written so
far has been a function component There
is positively zero reason for us.
To switch using a class component.
So I would suggest you'd use a function
component in this particular case.
But if I show up in your codebase and.
This was there, I.
Would not be offended by this.
Someone might, but I wouldn't.
The next thing that we're about to write,
the error boundary.
Must be written.
As a class component.
It literally cannot.
Do that in a function component.
Must be written as well Class component,
so this was kind of to get you used
to that idea and then we're gonna
hop into an error boundary.